h1. HareDBWebRESTful

HareDBWebRESTful is a RESTful web services of HBase, and using the same engine with HareDBHBaseClient.

h3. General Info

For the latest information about HareDBHBaseClient, please visit out website at:

  http://www.haredb.com/

h3. Requirements

- Java 1.6, 1.7
- Hadoop 2.x
- HBase 0.98.x
- Apache Tomcat 7.x or other Web container

h2. Getting Started

* Download and unzip source code, then building war file from source code with Gradle .

* @cd HareDBWebRESTful@
* @gradle clean build -x test@

* Deploy the war file in your container.

* Deploy the war file in your container.(Ex:Tomcat)
** Get HareSpark.jar from HareDB_HBaseClient_FacadeAPI/libs/haredb/HareSpark.jar
** Create a folder in ${Tomcat_Home}/HareRestfulConfig and create a properties file named 'sysconfig.properties' in folder
** sysconfig.properties :
```
sparkcommoncsvJarPath=${local_path}/commons-csv-1.2.jar
hareSparkAssemblyJarPath=${local_path}/HareSpark.jar
sparkcsvJarPath=${local_path}/spark-csv_2.10-1.2.0.jar
metaFolderName=.meta
productName=harespark
hdfsTableFolderRoot=/home/user1
sparkAssemblyJarPath=hdfs\://server\:9000/spark-assembly-1.4.0-hadoop2.3.0.jar
```
** Add ${Tomcat_Home}/HareRestfulConfig to tomcat classpath





h2. Release Note

* 1.98.01 - Feature: Support
** HBase API Scan、Put.
** Backload Data.
** "HareQL":http://www.haredb.com/HareDB/src_ap/Product_HareDBClient_QL.aspx?l=4 (Sql like language).

* 1.98.05 - Bugs fixed and support kerberos.

* 1.98.06 – Bugs fixed、suport meta table and Sentry
** When a meta table created, Hareql soupport meta table name.

* 1.98.07 - Bugs fixed、support hdfs table operation
** 

h2. Note 

* Q: When I call the API, return "connection is null,please reconnection".
** A: Please reconnect with the {hostname}/connect API.

* Q: Upload data to hbase fail.
** A: Please make sure the data file and schema file have already uploaded to your HDFS.
